[sc133044] Automate GitHub action publish and release (#186)
launchdarkly/ld-find-code-refs: build/metadata/github-actions/README.md

# LaunchDarkly Code References with GitHub Actions

This GitHub Action is a utility that automatically populates code references in LaunchDarkly. This is useful for finding references to feature flags in your code, both for reference and for code cleanup.

## Configuration

> Once you've [created a LaunchDarkly access token](https://docs.launchdarkly.com/docs/git-code-references#section-creating-an-access-token), store the newly created access token as a repository secret titled `LD_ACCESS_TOKEN`. Under Settings > Secrets in your GitHub repo, you'll see a link to "Add a new secret".  Click that and paste in your access token and click "Save secret".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you've [created a LaunchDarkly access token](https://docs.launchdarkly.com/home/code/github-actions#prerequisites), store the newly created access token as a repository secret titled `LD_ACCESS_TOKEN`. Under Settings > Secrets in your GitHub repo, you'll see a link to "Add a new secret".  Click that and paste in your access token and click "Save secret".
```

Commit this file under a new branch.  Submit as a PR to your code reviewers to be merged into your master branch.  You do not need to have this branch merged into the master for code references to appear in the LaunchDarkly UI for your flags; code references will appear for this newly created branch.

As shown in the above example, the workflow should run on the `push` event, and contain an action provided by the [launchdarkly/find-code-references repository](https://github.com/launchdarkly/find-code-references). The `LD_ACCESS_TOKEN` configured in the previous step should be included as a secret, as well as a new environment variable containing your LaunchDarkly project key.

## Troubleshooting

Once your workflow has been created, the best way to confirm that the workflow is executing correctly is to create a new pull request with the workflow file and verify that the newly created action succeeds.

If the action fails, there may be a problem with your configuration. To investigate, dig into the action's logs to view any error messages.

## Additional Options

> Additional configuration options can be found at the bottom of the [LaunchDarkly GitHub Action documentation](https://docs.launchdarkly.com/docs/github-actions#section-additional-configuration-options).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additional configuration options can be found at the bottom of the [LaunchDarkly GitHub Action documentation](https://docs.launchdarkly.com/home/code/github-actions#additional-configuration-options).
```
